#summary Building CuckooChess and DroidFish.
#labels Featured,Phase-Deploy

= Introduction =

This page explains how to build CuckooChess and DroidFish using eclipse in linux and windows.

= Preparations =

To build the CuckooChess chess engine, you need an eclipse installation with support for svn. I use "Subversive SVN Team Provider" and "SVNKit".

To build the DroidFish Android app, you first need to install the Android SDK and the Android NDK from
http://developer.android.com/sdk/index.html.

= Building CuckooChess =

  # Checkout the CuckooChessEngine project:
    # In eclipse, select File -> New -> Other -> Checkout Projects from SVN.
    # Create a new repository location, http://cuckoochess.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/.
    # Select CuckooChessEngine, click Finish.
  # If java is installed in a non-standard location on your computer or you are using windows, change the BinBook_builder eclipse builder:
    # Right-click on CuckooChessEngine in the package explorer, select Properties.
    # Click Builder -> BinBook_builder -> Edit.
    # Change Location to point to your java executable. In windows, this is likely C:\Windows\System32\java.exe.
  # Checkout the CuckooChess project from http://cuckoochess.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/.
  # When the CuckooChess project is built (which will happen automatically if "build automatically" is enabled) a jar file is created in workspace_path/CuckooChess/deploy/CuckooChess.jar.

= Building DroidFish =

  # DroidFish depends on the CuckooChessEngine project, so checkout that project first.
  # Checkout the DroidFish project from http://cuckoochess.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/.
  # Define the NDK environment variable to point to your NDK installation directory, or modify the DroidFish Native_Builder to point to the ndk-build script in the NDK installation directory. In windows, point to the ndk-build.cmd script in the NDK installation directory.
  
If you plan to make modifications to the source code, you may also want to checkout the DroidFishTest project from http://cuckoochess.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/.
